feat: home page redesign (#665)
cds-snc/gcds-docs: src/en/pages/index.md

---
title: Home
layout: 'layouts/base.njk'
permalink: /en/
translationKey: 'index'
redirect_from: /
date: 'git Last Modified'
---

# GC Design System

Build modern, accessible, human government services people can use.

<gcds-button type="link" href="{{ links.startToUse }}">
  Start to use
</gcds-button>

<gcds-button type="link" href="{{ links.registerDemo }}" button-role="secondary">
  Attend a demo
</gcds-button>

<section class="bt-sm mt-500">

## Choose GC Design System

> GC Design System is the source for public servants. Deliver digital Government of Canada services faster without compromising brand identity, accessibility, or bilingualism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GC Design System is the source for public servants delivering Government of Canada websites and products. Build  faster without compromising brand identity, accessibility, or bilingualism. 
```

</div>

<img class="align-self-center d-none md:d-block" src="/images/en/home/shortcuts.jpg" alt="Three slightly overlapping, horizontal dots in darkening shades of blue." />

<div>
  <gcds-heading tag="h3">
    <gcds-link href="{{ links.shortcuts }}">CSS Shortcuts <gcds-sr-only>(New)</gcds-sr-only></gcds-link>
  </gcds-heading>

  Apply pre-defined styles and layouts by adding our custom CSS utility classes to your HTML. 
</div>

<img class="align-self-center d-none md:d-block" src="/images/common/home/styles.jpg" alt="A cluster of four dots in purple, blue, green, and yellow." />

<div>
  <gcds-heading tag="h3">
    <gcds-link href="{{ links.styles }}">Styles</gcds-link>
  </gcds-heading>

  Explore coded brand and design decisions that shape a consistent visual experience. 
</div>

</gcds-grid>

</section>

<section class="bt-sm mt-500">

## What's new

Browse the latest code additions and features in the <gcds-link href="{{ links.releaseNotes}}" external>GitHub changelog</gcds-link>.

**Recent releases**:

- New feature: <gcds-link href="{{ links.shortcuts }}">CSS shortcuts</gcds-link>

> - Update: Styling and guidance <gcds-link href="{{ links.sideNav }}">Side nav</gcds-link>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update: Styling and guidance for <gcds-link href="{{ links.sideNav }}">Side nav</gcds-link>
```
